### Pattern class
* Used to represent the compiled representation of regular expression.
	
	* Example methods
	* Compile(RegExp), Matcher(RegExp),Matches(RegExp,I/P String) etc.,
	
	* Note that the following code example:
	  1. Pattern.matches(regExp, input);	
  * produces the same result as this code example:
	  1. Pattern.compile(regex);	
    2. Matcher(input).matches();	
  
### Queueable class
* Used to enable the aysnchronous execution of apex jobs that can be monitored.
	
* Lets see how this can be used
```Java
	Public class Myqueueclass implements Queueable
	{
		public void execute(QueueableContext context)
		{
		//Code
		}
	}
	
* To make the job to add in queue i.e to submit for asynchronous execution
	
	ID jobid=system.enqueueJob(new Myqueueclass());
	
* To query information about your submitted job, perform a SOQL query on AsyncApexJob by filtering on the job ID that the System.enqueueJob method returns. This example uses the jobID variable that was obtained in the previous example.

	AsyncApexJob jobInfo = [SELECT Status,NumberOfErrors FROM AsyncApexJob WHERE Id=:jobID];
```

### QueueableContext Interface
* Represents the parameter type of the execute() method in a class that implements the Queueable interface and contains the job ID. This interface is implemented internally by Apex.
* getJobId()
	* Returns the ID of the submitted job that uses the Queueable interface.
	
### QuickAction Class
* Use Apex to request and process actions on objects that allow custom fields, on objects that appear in a Chatter feed, or on objects that are available globally.

### RemoteObjectController
* Use RemoteObjectController to access the standard Visualforce Remote Objects operations in your Remote Objects override methods.
* Methods all are static and return type is Map<String,Object>:
	* create(type, fields)
		* Create a record in the database.
	* del(type, recordIds)
		* Delete records from the database.
	* retrieve(type, fields, criteria)
		* Retrieve records from the database.
	* updat(type, recordIds, fields)
		* Update records in the database.
		
### ResetPasswordResult Class
* Represents the result of a password reset.
* Method: getPassword()
	* Returns the password generated by the System.resetPassword method call.
	
### RestContext Class
* Contains the RestRequest and RestResponse objects.
### RestRequest Class
* Use the System.RestRequest class to pass request data into an Apex RESTful Web service method that is defined using one of the REST annotations.
### RestResponse Class
* Use the System.RestReponse class to pass response data from an Apex RESTful web service method that is defined using one of the REST annotations.
### Example of RestContext, RestRequest and RestResponse classes
```Java
@RestResource(urlMapping='/Account/*')
global with sharing class MyRestResource 
{
    @HttpDelete
    global static void doDelete() 
    {
        RestRequest req = RestContext.request;
        RestResponse res = RestContext.response;
        String accountId = req.requestURI.substring(req.requestURI.lastIndexOf('/')+1);
        Account account = [SELECT Id FROM Account WHERE Id = :accountId];
        delete account;
    }
   
    @HttpGet
    global static Account doGet() 
    {
        RestRequest req = RestContext.request;
        RestResponse res = RestContext.response;
        String accountId = req.requestURI.substring(req.requestURI.lastIndexOf('/')+1);
        Account result = [SELECT Id, Name, Phone, Website FROM Account WHERE Id = :accountId];
        return result;
    }
   
  @HttpPost
    global static String doPost(String name,String phone, String website) 
    {
        Account account = new Account();
        account.Name = name;
        account.phone = phone;
        account.website = website;
        insert account;
        return account.Id;
    }
}

```

### SandboxPostCopy Interface
* To make your sandbox environment business ready, automate data manipulation or business logic tasks. Extend this interface and add methods to perform post-copy tasks, then specify the class during sandbox creation.
```Java
global class HelloWorld implements SandboxPostCopy 
{
  global void runApexClass(SandboxContext context) 
  {
      System.debug('Hello Tester Pester ' + context.organizationId() + ' ' + context.sandboxId() + context.sandboxName());
  }
}
```

### Schedulable Interface
* The class that implements this interface can be scheduled to run at different intervals.
* Method: public Void execute(SchedulableContext context)
	* Executes the scheduled Apex job.

### SchedulableContext Interface
* Represents the parameter type of a method in a class that implements the Schedulable interface and contains the scheduled job ID. This interface is implemented internally by Apex.
* Method: getTriggerId()
	* Returns the ID of the CronTrigger scheduled job.
